Discussion about PPT. 
Meeting Notes - 02.02.2026

Ensure that you have everywhere the relevant references added and are correct.

Motivation & Problem (Slides 3 and 4):
So What you do here is to open the world, saying that Systems getting complex; and to be able to manage these complexity we need systems engineering.
Systems engineering implementation approach: So what is the problem with this - for the qualification topics, what is the problem about system engineering qualification? This needs to be more clear. Because on slide 4, you go into the solutions that already exist. So of course, this is also one of our problems to solve, but in between there is also another challenge that is not addressed yet. This needs to be explained a little bit a more detail. You can use my paper "Status quo and challenges of professional Systems Engineering education in industrial practice" to explain those challenges. 

Objectives (Slide 6)
The content of the slide is okay. When doing the presentation, you should always explain why each of these objectives are necessary. So this is what you maybe have mentioned before in the Problem analysis. For example, with O1 - SE Maturity Assessment, different organizational maturities that makes a very individual the qualification problem. Hence we need to be able to assess the maturity. O2 - Roles and tasks are very different between organizations, so we need the possibility to adapt to these roles and their involvement in the Processes. So you don't need to edit the Objectives slide. Only be prepared to explain for each objective - shortly in 1 or 2 sentence, why these objectives are necessary or how did we came to define these objectives or Where these objectives are derived from for which problems.

Theoretical Foundations (Slides 8, 9, 10)
You could map these existing solution items (SE Competency Framework by Könemann et al., SE Maturity Framework by Bretz, 7 Qualification Strategies by Könemann et al., Learning Formats by Kumar) to your Objectives. Because there is somehow a correlation between the Objectives and the existing solutions for that. This would be beneficial because then it helps you to follow your thought and saying it like - from this Objective, we've taken a look at maturity framework by Bretz, and so on .. Maybe there's also correlation of these Theoretical Foundation items to more than 1 objective. So that's not necessarily have to be one to one. This overview would help the listener to follow you through your foundational theory. 

Phase 4: Micro Planning (Slide 19)
The AVIVA definition - this is something that you'd explain in the Theoretical Foundation slides.

Next Steps (Slide 23)
There's a lot of white emptiness on this slide. You can add a screenshot of the backlog (that contains the list of nice to have features like RACI chart direct import, ..) to fill up the white space here. 

For now for this intermediate presentation, apart from the things I described, everything else is fine. So what I'm seeing as missing is the IPO (input-process-output) views for your steps/tasks you defined in the Phase details slides. For example, in slide 15 (Phase 1: Prepare SE Training), you've written Step 2: Role Identification. Here, it does not say what is the input for this step. In the app, there's the possibility to upload the org's role documents as the "input" and based on that, the org roles will be mapped to SE Role Clusters.
So, think about the IPO for each step - so what is the input, what process will happen there, and What is the output. This kind of IPO would be a nice view for each step. And how these inputs are also maybe then reused in the next step and so on. But again I know your presentation is already this week soon, so this would be maybe something to be adapted for your final presentation. 

End of Meeting notes from 02.02.2026.

Mid-term presentation completed on 05.02.2026. Feedback received from the supervisor:

Add animations so viewers can follow the slide contents with what I explain.

Slide 3 Motivation & Problem: 
	How the challenges of SE Professional Education in slide 3 translates to or infers to the Fragmented Qualification Planning data in slide 4. (For example, in slide 3, "the Modern systems are increasingly complex" infers into the next point "Systems Engineering (SE) as the solution" which infers into the next point "Challenges of SE Professional Education").

Slide 6 Objectives: 
	The research question itself explains the solution aspects like saying that it's web-based, maturity-based, etc.. I think that the Objectives need to be explained as derivations from the Problem and Motivation aspects, and then slightly explain what the solution aspect is alongside it.

Slide 8 Theoretical Foundations:
	SE Maturity Framework (Bretz, 2021): This framework by Bretz contains not just 4 fields of action but many. Also then in slide 11, we've put Niemeyer's thesis in there that also says the same Maturity assessment model. I think we should say it as Niemeyer referenced Bretz's maturity research things and found these 4 fields of action to be the most relevant for SE qualification planning. Similarly search for such inconsistencies in the ppt.

Slide 13 SE-QPT Methodology Overview:
	About the SE-QPT Methodology Overview, I should make it so that the technologies used are also linked and explained to the Tasks/Methods. For example, Maturity assessment needs the PostgresSQL db where the questions are stored, the "Identify SE roles" task needs GenAI to assess the input role descriptions, etc.. So the key important technologies used also need to be briefly added to the tasks list. Maybe this also needs more consideration in the Phase explanation slides that come after the SE-QPT Methodology Overview.

Slide 22 Technical Implementation:
	Why we chose those listed technologies for each components is also missing.

Slide 25 Key References:
	Also prefix the references with the [KWA+22] like tags.

The presentation took about 22 minutes for slides explanation. Total time allowed is 30 minutes including the presentation, follow-up questions, and the application demo.

Now that the mid-term presentation is complete, I need to create a final version of the presentation. I did modifications to the ppt so that the 02.02.2026's meeting points were somewhat implemented. We have not implemented the IPO views for the steps/tasks in the Phase details slides. This is something we need to add.