Chapter - Conceptual Framework

I want to start writing the Conceptual Framework chapter. I do not know how to structure and outline this chapter. I know that I need to incorporate the design thinking that went into creating the design/architecture of each of the components of SE-QPT app and the reasoning for why we chose the design decision. We do not delve into the technological/programming code based aspects of the app in this Conceptual Framework chapter. I also think that we should include a flowchart or whatever would be the best suited visual diagram (swinlane diagram, use case diagram, etc..) to represent each of the components of the app. Do not create the diagrams now immediately, but make notes for what components we can create diagrams or it would make sense to have diagrams for them. Remind me to share with you the meeting conversation notes that I had with my thesis advisor Ulf. In these meetings, we talk through what might be best fit design for each of the components of the app and also he asks me to do some research for finding supporting research papers regarding some of the topics we had discussions about. Make note of these such topics which can use supporting research papers to reinforce our design decisions in the app and also to make this thesis writing process more natural with the inclusion of citations. And also find topics in our app that you think that we could use research papers to assist the thesis writing. Once we have a made a list of such topics, we can then do literature survey to assist the thesis writing and reinforce our design decisions of the app components.

I'm thinking of visiting through each of the pages of the app from start to end as a user and write descriptions of them. Once I've completed doing this process, you can then analyse the codebase to reinforce what I've described for each of the components of app and also add on to what I've already written down as descriptions for pieces that I missed, or are conflicting, or if it's missing the reasonings, and also elaborating what I've already written.

Remember that the goal of SE-QPT app is to provide a Systems Engineering (SE) training plan for the input organisation by analysing their current maturity level in SE, analysing the roles existing in the org, and with a suitable training strategy and analysing the competency assessments of individuals in the org, we can generate learning objectives, build trainings with their learning formats and timelines. 

The pages of the app are following:
1. Landing Homepage
2. Registration/login page
3. Dashboard page
4. Phase 1 pages
5. Matrix pages
6. Phase 2 pages
7. Phase 3 pages
8. Phase 4 pages
We need to think of what elements of each of these pages can constitute as a component that we can elaborate upon and create diagrams for it to write in this thesis chapter. Now let me make a writeup of what I see and can think of when I do a walkthrough of the app as a user.

Try to use a similar writing style to my writing style to write the thesis. We do not need to use the difficult to understand words, but at the same time we need to maintain the minimum quality of writing needed for a Master Thesis document.

I'm planning to explain what I see in the frontend, use Claude to make explanations on how the system makes calculations on each of the components in frontend (just the logic behind the calculations and not the actual code), and try to recall what was discussed in the meetings regarding each of the components (or just look at the meeting notes and TODOS derived from them).

I think I also need to input data from the SE-QPT.xlsx sheets in the Conceptual Framework chapter or, do we provide them in the Theoretical foundations chapter? Maybe a mix of both?

Also note that I use the term 'we' when describing the app, but I'm referring to the system.


In the landing homepage, it shows a description of what SE-QPT is about. And there's a brief description of the 4 phases of the app. Then there are 2 buttons shown for Sign In, and Register.

First we need a way to have the organisation details be input and get data with respect to SE context. For this, we need an admin user that would be responsible for inputting the org's details and responsible for making decisions with the training planning. The rest of the employees of the org need to only do their individual competency assessments, and view their assessment results. So, we have 2 types of user registrations/logins -> admin, and employee. The admin is responsible for everything - starting from doing all of the Phase 1 tasks (Assess SE Maturity Level, select Training Target Group Size, Identify Organization's Roles, and map role's responsibilities through the Role-Process Matrix, select Training Strategy), Phase 2 tasks (Competency assessment, Generate Learning Objectives), Phase 3 tasks (Building trainings, …), Phase 4 tasks. While the employee users need to only do the Phase 2 Competency assessment task and view their personalized results. So, When it comes to the User registration, they can choose between register as admin or as Employee. For each of the user types, we have username and password as the common input fields. The username has to be unique and does not have to depict the real names, and can be just an alias. By doing this way, we are not causing data privacy or confidentiality risks. If the user decides to register as Admin user, they also need to input Organizational details in addition. These 2 extra input fields are the Organization name, Organization Size. If the user decides to register as Employee user, apart from the username and password input fields, they need to enter the Organization Code to join their organization. The admin needs to share this org code with the employees for this purpose. Once the account registration is successful, the user can then login using their username and password from the login page. The activities that happen in the system backend when User account creation for Admin user type are - 1. Validate user Inputs, 2. Create Organization Profile, 3. Generate Unique Organization Code, 4. Redirect user to Login Page. Similarly, the activities in the system backend for Employee Account creation are - 1. Validate user Inputs, 2. Redirect user to Login Page.

Upon logging in, the user lands into the Dashboard page. In the Dashboard page, the user can see the Organization Code if the user type is an admin, the 4 Phases of the app listed and their completion status of each of the phases.
From here on out, if I do not explicitly mention that a task is performed by Employee user, then you can infer that it is performed by the Admin user. 
First, the admin user will see in the dashboard page that they can go into Phase 1 and the rest of the phases are shown as grayed out, indicating that they need to complete each phase in the order one after the other to unlock and do them. Also, an info box is shown letting the user know what they have to do at a glance. The admin user first needs to complete Phase 1, then the admin user can share the org code with employee users and the employees can then create employee type accounts and do the Phase 2 Competency assessment.

The 4 phases of the app are - 1. Prepare SE Training, 2. Identify requirements and competencies, 3. Macro Planning, 4. Micro Planning.
The tasks in each of the phases are: 
	In Phase 1 -> 1. Determine current maturity level (using maturity model), 2. Select Training Target Group Size, 3. Identify SE roles (using role clusters) and map role's responsibilities in the Role-Process Matrix, 4. Select SE training strategy (using decision tree, and the 7 strategy profile cards).
	In Phase 2 -> 1. Determine necessary competencies (uses the 16 SE competencies, the role-competency matrix if roles are defined, else unknown role-competency matrix derived from user's tasks to ISO processes and their involvement levels and thus creating unknown role-process matrix and then deriving unknown role-competency matrix from it using process-competency matrix), 2. Identify competency gaps (via Competency assessment), 3. Formulate learning objectives (using learning objective templates).
	In Phase 3 -> Building Trainings - here, we provide views of modules needed for training and providing the user with options to choose for it the learning formats. The system then provides feedbacks to the quality of the selected learning format in terms of 3 different factors (More info on this topic to be added later, Remind me). The system then defines timeline and schedules for the training on a high level (more research needed here and info to be added here. and also there are other tasks that Ulf told me in the meeting on 11-12-2025, so remind me here again later to add content).
	In Phase 4 -> We build a detailed SE training concept as AVIVA methods, etc.. and then we finally export the training plan document. (again, this Phase 4 is a work in progress similar to Phase 3 and needs revision. Some of Phase 4's discussion is also included in the meeting notes of 11-12-2025).

This SE training planning process is iterative in nature. Once the planning is complete and the outlined training is conducted, the organisation can come back and see their standing in SE before the training, and then retake the Maturity analysis and then find shortcomings to improve and create new training plan. So this is a cyclic and iterative process.
 
Let's now talk from the beginning about training planning, starting with Phase 1 "Prepare SE Training". The user selects the Phase 1 from Dashboard page to start Phase 1. The first task in this Phase 1 is the Maturity Assessment to assess organization's SE maturity level. In this assessment, there are 4 questions each representing one of the 4 fields of actions (Rollout Scope, SE Roles and Processes, SE Mindset, Knowledge base). The reasoning to why we do this task is explained as - "Why measure maturity? Understanding your organization's SE maturity level is the foundation for effective qualification planning. It helps identify the current state of SE practices, processes, and capabilities across your organization. This baseline assessment enables targeted training recommendations that match your organization's readiness and ensures that qualification strategies are aligned with your actual needs and capabilities.". For each question in this assessment, we provide explanations to what these questions mean and also provide explanations to what each of the answer options mean as well. Claude, you need to describe here what the Maturity score calculation logic is like. Also you need to define from the app what the 5 Maturity score levels are. We also provide an info box to the user emphasising that this maturity score result is purely based on a select 4 fields of action and that this score does not depict the overall maturity level of the organisation in SE.
After this Maturity assessment, the user can move on to the 2nd task in Phase 1 - Roles & Responsibilities. The first subtask in here is to input the Training Target Group Size. This value represents How large the target group is for the SE training project. This input helps determine appropriate training formats. The input values possible for this are: less than 20 people, 20-100 people, 100-500 people, 500-1500 people, more than 1500 people. After providing this input, then the user can move onto the 2nd task within the Roles & Responsibilities module - Map Roles. This task is about Identifying the Organization's Roles that they want to include in the SE training program. There is a critical condition check at this point that checks whether SE processes and roles are defined in the organization from the Maturity assessment. If the SE processes and roles in the org are not Defined and Established, then the system infers that the organization is a low maturity organization and it shows the user the following info - "Based on your maturity assessment results, your organization does not yet have clearly defined Systems Engineering roles. Next Step: In the following step, you will receive recommended Training Strategy information based on your organizational maturity assessment and target group size." and skips the Roles input, analysis, mapping and configuring the role-process matrix tasks and proceeds the user to the Strategy Selection task directly. So, essentially, for a low maturity organization we will not have the Roles, and role-process matrix data. On the other hand, If the SE processes and roles in the org are Defined and Established (infers that it's a high maturity organization), we will proceed to ask the user for inputs regarding their Roles and processes data defined in their org. The first step in this task is to Input Roles. In here, the user can upload Roles documents (supported types: pdf, docx, txt) that contain role descriptions for all roles that they want to include in the SE training program. The system extracts the roles information from the uploaded document using AI and then maps them to one of the 14 Standard SE role clusters defined by Könemann et al. (Claude needs to check the system backend and define here how this mapping process works.). After the analysis of the input org roles using AI, we get results showing which role cluster(s) each org role best maps to, along with the reasoning for it's matching. There can be more than 1 cluster mapping result for an org role which have confidence scores > 80%, and the system preselects the best suited mapping. There can be input org roles that does have a mapping result with any of the standard role clusters which are then marked as Custom roles. The 2nd step in this Map Roles task is displaying the Identified Roles that are mapped to a SE Role Cluster. The Custom Roles (Not Mapped to Standard Clusters) are displayed in another section separately. We also show this standard information - "What are the 14 SE Role Clusters? The 14 Systems Engineering (SE) role clusters were identified by Könemann et al. in their paper "Identification of stakeholder-specific Systems Engineering competencies for industry" (IEEE SysCon, 2022). These clusters represent standard role archetypes found in systems engineering organizations, providing a framework for competency-based qualification planning.". Once the Roles have been identified for training, we can then proceed to the next step of Configuring the Role-Process matrix. In this task, we define how each role in the organization relates to the Systems Engineering processes. This helps determine competency requirements for each role. In this matrix, the roles are presented column-wise and the 30 ISO processes are listed row-wise. For the organizational roles that have been mapped to a SE Cluster role, the baseline involvement values would be initialized from the standardized Role-Process matrix defined by Könemann et al. For the Custom roles, the starting values for process involvement levels are generated using GenAI based on role descriptions and context. In the matrix, all values are editable - the user can review and adjust them to match their organization's structure. For a role-process mapping, the possible allowed values are 0,1,2,3. Process Involvement Scale (0-3): 0 = Not involved | 1 = Supports (provides assistance) | 2 = Responsible (executes tasks) | 3 = Accountable/Designs (owns and decides). The Values represent the level of involvement each role has in SE processes. The matrix follows the RACI Guidelines: Each process ideally has one role with value 2 and at most one with value 3. The system provides UI cues to show real-time validation as right or wrong in each Process row as the user edits these values. The user can save the matrix upon finalizing and then continue onto the next task. If the user decides that this role-process matrix needs editing, they can visit this matrix page from the app menu-bar navigation bar and edit the values according to their liking. This role-process matrix is designed to be adaptive and flexible. For example, if the user decides to add new roles or remove existing roles, the existing role-process data for the unaffected roles are preserved, and this makes it easier to simply provide mapping values for the newly added roles. (Claude to check additionally for missing info I forgot to add here regarding Phase 1 Task 2).
Once the Phase 1 Task 2 is complete, the user can move onto the next Task 3 in Phase 1 - "Training Strategy Selection". In this task, the system provides recommendations for what would be a suitable and best fit training strategy based on the organization's maturity assessment and target group size for training. There are 7 training strategies available and we show Strategy Profile Cards that represent each of the 7 strategies. This strategy profile card contains a brief description about the strategy, it's benefits, the Qualification level, Target audience, Suitable Phase, etc.. The system provides the Recommended Training Strategy(s) at top on page load. The system recommends and pre-selects strategies based on the maturity assessment. The user has the ability to modify the strategy selection or explore additional strategies below. To help user understand why those strategies were recommended, they can scroll down to the "Our Recommendation Rationale" section below to learn the reasoning behind the system's strategy recommendation and how it aligns with the organization's maturity profile. The user has the ability to choose whichever multiple strategy they like but it may not align with the current maturity profile of the organization. Then we need to explain the decision tree we use to make the recommendation here. I need Claude to explain comprehensively the Strategy recommendation system of the app here. From my understanding, the first check is about "Where does the organization stand in SE?" 2 answer options for this check - "Processes and roles in place" and "No Processes and roles in place". If Processes and roles in place, then the next check would be "Is SE applied on a broad scale?" 2 answer options - "Rollout range high" and "Rollout range low". If "Rollout range high", then choose strategy "Continuous support", else if "Rollout range low", then choose strategy "Needs-based project-oriented training". If the answer to the first check of "Where does the organization stand in SE?" is "No Processes and roles in place", then we primarily choose the strategy "SE for managers", then we ask the question "Which strategy approach does the organization prefer?" and the user has to choose between these 3 strategies as the secondary strategy. The 3 strategies are "Common basic understanding", "Orientation in pilot project", "Certification". To help the user decide between the 3, we provide a "Strategy Pro-con list" that shows benefits, disadvantages of these 3 strategies. Then the user can choose 1 among these 3 strategies as the secondary strategy. Claude to verify if this is correct by checking the app and adding onto it if it's missing anything. Explain Train the trainer strategy as well based on the target group size input (I think it's chosen if target group size >100, I'm not sure.). At the end of this "Training Strategy Selection" page, we show the finalized list of Selected Training Strategies and the Target group size for training. The selection of training strategies will be used as an input later on to formulate learning objectives for the SE training. This marks the end of inputs for Phase 1 and in the next page, we show an overview of Phase 1 data.
In this last page of Phase 1 - Review & Confirm page, we present a SE Canvas like view of the data needed to Prepare SE Training. We show the Organization's Overview - a detailed SE Maturity level picture, the list of Selected Training Strategies, the list of all Identified SE Roles if the org has SE roles and processes defined, and finally the Target Group Size for Training. The user can click the "Complete Phase 1" button to mark the completion of Phase 1 and they would be allowed to proceed to the next phases for SE training planning. There is also a "Retake Assessment" button that allows the user to retake the assessment. That is, they can review and modify their Phase 1 assessment responses, Their existing answers will be prefilled and can be updated. New responses will replace the old ones only after they save each task. After completing Phase 1, the user will be redirected to the Dashboard page. Here, the Phase 1 will marked as completed, and the Phase 2 is now unlocked and no longer grayed out. At this point of time when the Phase 1 is complete, the admin user needs to let the employee users know that they can now log in to the app after creating employee user accounts with the "Organization Code" shared by the admin user. On logging in, the employee users can optionally click the Phase 1 in Dashboard page and view the SE-Canvas like final page of Phase 1 that shows the organization's Phase 1 results completed by their administrator. These include SE maturity level, identified roles, and selected training strategy.

Let's discuss about the Matrix configuration pages - There are 2 types of matrices we use - Role-Process matrix and Process-competency matrix. The Process-competency matrix is a global standard matrix that is common and affects all the organizations. This matrix is standardized and should NOT be changed without careful consideration. Based on established Systems Engineering standards (Könemann et al.), this matrix defines which competencies are required for each ISO/IEC 15288 process. The values are: 0 - Not Useful, 1 - Useful, 2 - Necessary. The Role-Process Matrix is unique for every organisations and is tailored to the roles of the organization. In Phase 1, the user defines this Role-process matrix following the RACI chart validations. We provide template values to the role-process mappings that have roles identified as belonging to one of the standard 14 role-clusters. And also baseline values for the custom roles using GenAI. Any changes to any of the matrices trigger recalculation of Role-Competency matrix. This role-competency matrix is derived from the role-process and process-competency matrices. This role-competency matrix is used for Competency assessments and analysis in the Phase 2 "Identify Competency Requirements". Refer the "Matrix Design notes.md" file for detailed info on the matrices. The matrices design and architecture is referred from Derik's thesis.

Let's discuss about Phase 2 "Identify requirements and competencies". The processes in Phase 2 are: 1. Determine necessary competencies (using SE competencies, role-competency matrix), 2. Identify competency gaps (using competency assessor), 3. Formulate learning objectives (using learning objective templates). Hence, the tasks corresponding to them are: 1. Select Roles (Choose identified SE roles), 2. Review Competencies (See necessary competencies), 3. Self-Assessment (Rate your competencies), 4. Results (View gaps and strengths), 5. Learning Objectives (Generate training objectives). The tasks 1 to 4 are related to the Competency assessment. Both the admin and employee users need to perform the Competency Assessment tasks in Phase 2. The employee users need to only do the Competency Assessment tasks and view their individual assessment results. The task 5 - Learning Objectives generation is needed to be performed by the admin and not employee users. The tasks in Phase 2 is also affected by the SE maturity of the org. If it's a low maturity org, i.e. there are no roles or SE processes defined in the org, then the task 1 in Phase 2 is "Describe Tasks - Describe your responsibilities" instead of "Select Roles" as there are no roles to select from that are defined in the org. So, this "Describe Tasks" task is the known as the Task-based assessment, and the "Select Roles" task is known as the Role-based assessment. The design and architecture of everything related to the Competency assessment (tasks 1 to 4) are referred from Derik's thesis. The Role-based assessment pathway is chosen by the system when there are roles and SE processes defined in the org, i.e., a high maturity org. In the Role-based assessment (Task 1), is to Select the SE role(s) that the user is belongs to. Then the user will evaluated based on the selected role(s) in the competency assessment. The user can select 1 or more roles. These roles were identified during Phase 1. After selecting the roles, the next step is about understanding or showing the user an overview of the Necessary Competencies for Selected Roles. i.e., based on their role selection, the following competencies will be shown. In this page, a list of all the required competencies and a brief description about those competencies are shown in a grid or box-like view. The next task is the Task 3: Competency assessment. This is the survey where the user can Assess their current competency level for their identified/required SE competencies. In this assessment, there are N number of questions for N competencies required for the selected roles by the user. This is a tailored assessment where we present questions only for the competencies required for the user. Out of the 16 competencies, if the user needs only 12 of them, then only 12 questions will be presented in the questionnaire. The questionnaire structure is as follows: "Question N of 16:  To which of these groups do you identify yourself?" and we show 5 groups for the user to choose as answer. Each group represents level indicators for that competency in order. Group 1 is level "Knowing", … Group 4 is level "Mastery". Group 5 is the None option where it says "You do not see yourselves in any of these groups.". The user can select multiple options. i.e., if the user selects group 1, group 2, group 3 as the options, then it means that the user has group 3 level proficiency in that competency. i.e., the highest group selected represents the user's capability in that competency. The only exception being Group 5 which represents something similar to saying "None of the above". These are progressive capabilities. i.e., if a person has "Applying" capability in a competency, then that person is also well-versed in Knowing and Understanding levels of that competency, but the person does not have "Mastering" level in it and only up to "Applying" level in that competency. The user can select answer options to each of the questions and they can also navigate back and front between the questions to review their selected answers before submitting. On Submitting the assessment survey, the Competency Assessment results page is shown to the user. The required levels for each competency is found in the Role-Competency matrix for the selected role(s). If there are multiple roles selected for the assessment, then the max level across the selected roles for that competency is chosen as the required level for that competency. The Competency Assessment Results page shows info like a Spider web chart showing the user score vs Required score across all the competencies required for the selected role(s). Then there is a Detailed Competency Analysis where for each of the competency, it shows a detailed view of their current level, Required level, Status (Met, Below Target, ..), GenAI generated feedbacks of Strengths, and Areas for Improvement,... (Claude needs to expand this and provide more info regarding Competency assessment). This Competency Assessment is developed as per Derik's thesis's design for Competency assessment survey. The user can also Export and download the SE Competency Assessment Result as a pdf file. If this was a low maturity org with no roles defined, then the first task of Phase 2 would be the Task-Based Assessment. The rest of the tasks related to the Competency Assessment remains the same for both Role-based and Task-based assessments. In the Task-based assessment, we ask the user to input - Describe your tasks and responsibilities to automatically map to SE roles. There are 3 input fields here - Tasks you are responsible for, Tasks that you support, and the Tasks and processes that you define or design. The user can input values in 1 or more fields and none of them are mandatory fields. On providing the tasks information. The system uses GenAI to map tasks to respective ISO processes along with their involvement levels. The users can then see the overview of the Identified ISO Processes found on Analyze Tasks button. The user can then decide and also be able to deselect some of them as well. Then the user can proceed to the next Task and the flow is same as Role-based assessment. One difference here is that there is Role-competency matrix defined for a low maturity org since there are no roles defined. So, the system creates an unknown-role-competency matrix that's derived from the tasks the user has input, and determine the required competencies and their levels the user needs according to the tasks that the user has described  (Claude to really check here what's the architecture and update very well here.). All the things I mentioned here relating to the Competency Assessment are according to Derik's thesis.
The next step is to Generate Learning Objectives (LO) for the SE training in alignment with the selected Training strategy(s). This task can only be performed by admin user type. In this task of Generate learning objectives based on competency assessments, the system analyzes all completed competency assessments across the organization and generates learning objectives tailored to their training needs. The system considers the organization's SE process maturity level (from Phase 1), selected training strategies, and organizational competency gaps to determine the learning objectives. There are steps in this Learning Objectives generation process: Step 1: Collect assessment data, Step 2: Analyze competency gaps, Step 3: Generate targeted objectives. One of the prerequisites for generating LOs and the determining factor for identifying what the actual competency levels of the employees in the org are the competency assessments. With competency assessments, we get a real idea of what the actual competency levels of employees (hence the roles) and the gaps present in the org that we can generate training for. So, the users of the org needs to complete their competency assessments first. For this purpose, we have an Assessment Monitoring section in the Learning Objectives generation Dashboard page which shows a real list of the Total users, Completed Assessments count and the Completion Rate. After this, we will use the Training Strategy(s) selected in Phase 1 to retrieve the Training target levels for each competency and their associated LO templates that may contain Processes, Methods, Tools information in them that are relevant to SE. If the org is a high maturity org, they may be having these SE Processes, Methods, Tools information that captures the organization's Systems Engineering practices. These SE Practices in the Organization info regarding the Processes, Methods, Tools info is asked to be input to customize and tailor the LOs to the organization's practices and needs. For this purpose, the system uses GenAI to first extract the P,M,T information from the uploaded documents by the org and then customize/tailor the LO templates with this P,M,T information. If it's a low maturity org, there's less chances for the org to be having these documented files relating to SE practices existing in their org. However, if the low maturity org decides to select a high maturity based training strategy, we will ask them to provide these P,M,T documents and if they do have such documents with them, then we can use it to customize the LOs but, if they do not have these documents, then we will realise this on their own and proceed to either continue with the selected training strategy without PMT customization or they decide to visit back Phase 1 and change training strategy to the ones recommended by the system that fits their org's maturity level. Then the next is the step of analyzing and determining competency gaps. We get an aggregated competency assessment result of all the users who completed their competency assessments. If any single user or a role has a gap, for example, the current level is Knowing (Level 1) and the target competency level is Applying (Level 4), then we have found a need for training in that competency for the Levels 2 (Understanding) and Level 4 (Applying). It's a progressive learning. This means that if the required level is Applying, then the user needs to also have Knowing (Level 1) and Understanding (Level 2) levels as well along with Applying level for the training. (Claude really needs to explain here more after thorough analysis of LO implementation in the app and also refer the latest design document for LO. I'm not able to recall what all was done here for the LO task). Then we present all the Learning Objectives in the Results page when the user clicks on Generate Learning Objectives button. Here, we show a pyramid-based view of the sorting of Learning objectives. All Level 1 Knowing LOs are presented inside the "Knowing SE" tab, similarly for Levels 2 and 4. In each of these levels, we show the "Training Requirements Identified" learning objectives and also the "No Training Required" learning objectives. In the "Training Requirements Identified" section, we list each of the LO corresponding to a competency with their texts and also listing the Roles Needing This Level of competency (Role (X/Y): X users of Y total have not achieved this level). For the competencies that have the PMT breakdown, we present the LOs separated into the Process, Method, Tool subsections. We also show a Level indicator: "Current -> Target" in each of the LOs. One thing to note here is that we do not generate LOs for Level 6 Mastery. If the training Strategy has Mastery as the competency targets for some competencies or if the roles in the org have Mastery level requirement (for example, if they are Process owners who design a specific process), then we provide a "Mastery Level Advisory" info note that lets the user know that Some roles in their organization require expert-level skills that go beyond what the current training strategy covers. And also an Option to address this and Enable Advanced Training by selecting "Train the Trainer" strategy and to further proceed with the further steps needed for this Mastery training once the Micro planning phase is complete. The Learning Objectives Results page provides 2 views that the user can choose between. They are the Organizational View and the Role-Based View. The Organizational View is always shown for both High maturity (has roles) and Low maturity (no roles) pathways. The Organizational View contains all the things I explained above - the pyramid based view of all the LOs sorted by the target levels. The "No Training Required" section apart from the "Training Requirements Identified" section in each of the levels, shows the competencies that are either already Achieved by the roles in the org for that level or the competencies that are not targeted in the selected training strategy for that level. In the Role-Based View, the system shows Role-Based Analysis - the user can View competency gaps organized by role. Each role shows aggregated training needs across all assigned users with recommended training approaches. The Learning Objectives Results page also shows the Selected Strategy, the count of number of Levels to Advance, the count of Competencies with Gap for LOs. Then we also have an Export to Excel feature that downloads the LOs as an excel file. (Claude to explain here more.). At the end, the user can click Complete Phase 2 button to mark Phase 2 as completed and move on to the Phase 3.

For Phase 3, we have not implemented yet, but a meeting with Ulf happened where we finalized the Phase 3 design. You can find the meeting notes for 11-12-2025 and write here the Phase 3 part for this Conceptual Framework chapter.
